
# Quick Refernce

## Defining Properties

You can be robust

	/** 
	 * The width of the display object's bounding box.
	 * @property width
	 * @type Number
	 * @default 0
	 **/
	p.width = 0;


Or semi-robust

	/** 
	 * The width of the display object's bounding box.
	 * @property width=0
	 * @type Number
	 **/
	p.width = 0;

Or one-liner #1 - name after {type}

	/**
	 * @property {object} width=0 The width of the display object's bounding box.
	 */
	p.width = 0;


Or one-liner #2 - name before {type} (unconventional, but seems more logical to me?)

	/**
	 * @property width=0 {object} The width of the display object's bounding box.
	 */
	p.width = 0;



## Flags


The following flags are processed:


@property, @method, @event
: The three basic kinds of entities normally found in a class or module. Example: `@property {type} name - description`

@package, @namespace
: Generally only one per page, but can have to. See the "Package / Namespace" section below. Example: `@package foo.bar`

@class, @module
: Both entities are treated equally, but appear in the final rendered docs as "class". Example: `@class name`

@private, @protected, @static, @public, @readonly
: Items with these flags can be shown/hidden/filtered. Example `@private`

@overrides, @impliments, @extends, @inherits
: These items page HTML will incorporate inherited parent properties, methods and events, which can be toggled.

@requires
: Incorporates a list of dependancies that a module or class needs to run. Generally shows up in the "meta" section. Example `@requires package.Class`

@constructor
: Generally used in conjunction with a class/module, and places a colored tag near the definition.

@example
: Multiple examples can exist per item. A nice to have for templating, so the examples can be moved around and they don't have to be hard-coded into the main description. See the "Examples" section below.

@param
: Classes, modules and methods can have multiple params. See "Params" section below.

@return, @returns
: Can incorporate a {type}. Example `@return {object}`

@type
: See "Type" section below

@order
: By default, everything is sorted alphabetically. Use this flag if you need things to appear in a specific order. Example: `@order 10.4`

// @optional
// : Generally used to indicate that a param (@

@header
: Used to push a general informational entry to the top of a list. See the "Header" section below.

@defaultVal, @default (not fully tested, since the @param approach is better)
: Used for a method's paramter that has a default value.

@see
: Use this to link to similar or related things. See "See Also" below.



---

## Header

A header flag provides a means to place an informational entery at the top of a main section. For example if you want an entry at the top of the Events section that provides a general overview of how the event system operates, create a new comment as follows:

		/**
		 *
		 * The event system is really cool, I know you'll love it!
		 * 
		 * @event
		 * @header About Events
		 */

It's kind of a hacky, but the @event flag tells use that this header is for the events section, and the @header "name" is used as the title for the section in the menu and on the page.

Also note that internally, we use the @order flag to yank this to the top of the list (so it appears first).




## Types


There are no strict types, so feel free to put anything you want inbetween the brackets. (No type type-checks :)

	@prop {DOM Element} foo - description	// yields type as a string: "Dom Element"

Delimit with a pipe to offer multiple types

	@prop {string | object} foo - description	// yields an array as ["string", "object"]

Types can be placed either before or after the name. (Note that this is subject to change, since name before type is not "industry standard" [even though I think it should be] ).

	@prop {object} foo - description		// yeilds type as a string: "object"
	@prop foo {object} description			// yeilds type as a string: "object"

---

## Default Values

To define default values for properties or method parameters, use the equal sign after the name.

		@prop {object} foo="bar"

You can also use the @default or @defaultVal flags:

		@default bar

		@defaultVal bar



## Optional

To define properties or method parameters as optional, wrap the name with quare brackets.

	@prop {object} [foo]

When the property has a default value, keep the value within the square brackets as well

	@prop {object} [foo="bar"]


## Package / Namespace

There is a commonality between the ideas of namespace and package -- each group code together into a general theme.

Hence @namespace and @package are interchangable and hold the same meaning in Documon.

Can be a stand alone comment or integrated into either the module or class comment:

	/**
	 * @namespace foo
	 */

	/**
	 * My cool class
	 * @class Cool
	 * @namespace window
	 */

	/**
	 * My cool module
	 * @class Cool
	 * @namespace path.to.access
	 */

You are free to use whichever term suits you, but in the documentation (and in our code), we use the term "package" exclusively to addresses both concepts.

The following will be treated exactly the same as above:

	/**
	 * @package foo
	 */

	/**
	 * My cool class
	 * @module Cool
	 * @package window
	 */

	/**
	 * My cool module
	 * @module Cool
	 * @package path.to.access
	 */

We split source files whenever @package or @namespace appears -- causing the source file to be treated as multiple source files.

This allows you to define multiple packages within a single file -- without having to incorporate the @package flag into each class, method, property or event definition.

A simple trick is to use a stand-alone comment at the top of your file:

	/**
	 * @package foo.bar
	 */

Then further down the same file, you could include another @package definition...

	/**
	 * @package bob.sally
	 */


... or incorporate a package into a class (or any other) definition:

	/**
	 * @class sally
	 * @package foo.bar
	 */

... and all the classes / methods / events / properties between these @package entries will be grouped together under each @package "section".

Just be aware that if put @package definitions all over the place, you could get lost real fast. Use @package and @namespace sparingly.


FYI: "package" is more common across programming languages. The idea being that a larger framework or application has files lumped together that all support a common theme. Traditionally classes that are related to the theme all reside in the same folder and the folder name describes the "theme". Thus, the folder acts as a "package" for a group of common classes. These "package" folders are further organized heirarchically within the overall framework or applicaiton structure.

	app
	app.display
	app.display.bitmap
	app.display.vector
	app.db
	app.db.models
	app.db.models.sql
	app.db.models.json
	app.media
	app.media.audio
	app.media.audio.player
	app.media.audio.codecs



## examples

Add code and text to @example tags like normal with indentation or back ticks.

IMPORTANT: For indented examples, LEAVE AN EMTPY LINE BEFORE AND AFTER !!!.

		/**
		 * @example This is text above the example
		 * 
		 * 		var foo = "bar";
		 * 
		 * And this is text below the example
		 */


		/**
		 * @example `var foo="bar"`
		 */

To set the code language used to for "pretty" printing, use the {type} field. Generally, use the extension of your code files e.g. js, cpp, m.

		/**
		 * @example {js} - This is causing the following code to be rendered as javascript because the {type} is set to {js}.
		 *
		 *		var foo = "bar";
		 * 
		 */

Types can be:

> bsh, c, cc, cpp, cs, csh, cyc, cv, htm, html, java, js, m, mxml, perl, pl, pm, py, rb, sh, xhtml, xml, xsl, apollo, basic, clj, css, dart, erlang, go, hs, lasso, lisp, llvm, logtalk, lua, matlab, ml, mumps, n, pascal, proto, r, rd, rust, scala, sql, swift, tcl, tex, vb, vhdl, wiki, xq, yaml


When using the @example flag, markdown is not used, and the code is taken "as is" giving you a little more control over indentaion.



## links

Use markdown notation:
	This is and example sentance and [my link](http://www.example.com) is all i have to say.

For cross linking to other parts of docs:

> To link to another class, use the full path:
>
>		[see Foo](package.Class.method)
>
> To link to an internal method/property just use the method/property name:
>
>		[see setWidth](setWidth)
>
> To link to an anchor, use the traditional #



## See Also Tags

Use markdown link notation:

		@see [describe the link here](http://www.example.com)
		@see [describe the link here](#package.path.Foo.setWidth)
		@see [describe the link here](#setWidth)



## Inheritance

When defining @extends, you can use a short-hand for classes in the same package.

For example, lets say we have 2 classes as:

		/some/long/winded/package/Foo.js
		some/long/winded/package/Bar.js

... and "Bar" extends "Foo"... Rather than writing:

		@class Bar
		@pacakge long.winded.package
		@extends long.winded.package.Foo

... we can write:

		@class Bar
		@pacakge long.winded.package
		@extends Foo

... because Foo and Bar are in the same package. We only need to use the long-form when referencing things outside of the same package.



## Comments in comments
If you need to include /* style comments in your comments, HTML-entity-ize the slash:

	 * 	&#47;**
	 *  * Something for B
	 * 	* @method something
	 * 	*&#47;





