# Supported Tags


The following flags are processed:

__@property, @method, @event__
> The three basic kinds of entities normally found in a class or module. Example: `@property {type} name - description`

__@package, @namespace__
> Generally only one per page, but can have to. See the "Package / Namespace" section below. To Documon @package and @namespace are the same thing. They can be used interchangablly, since Documon treats them identically. 
Example: `@package foo.bar`

__@class, @module__
> Both entities are treated equally, but appear in the final rendered docs as "class". 
Example: `@class name`

__@private, @protected, @static, @public, @readonly__
> Items with these flags can be shown/hidden/filtered. 
Example `@private`

__@overrides, @impliments, @extends, @inherits__
> These items page HTML will incorporate inherited parent properties, methods and events, which can be toggled.

__@requires__
> Incorporates a list of dependancies that a module or class needs to run. Generally shows up in the "meta" section. 
Example `@requires package.Class`

__@constructor__
> Generally used in conjunction with a class/module, and places a colored tag near the definition.

__@example__
> Multiple examples can exist per item. A nice to have for templating, so the examples can be moved around and they don't have to be hard-coded into the main description. See the "Examples" section below.

__@param__
> Classes, modules and methods can have multiple params. See "Params" section below.

__@return, @returns__
> Can incorporate a {type}. 
Example `@return {object}`

__@type__
> See "Type" section below

__@order__
> By default, everything is sorted alphabetically. Use this flag if you need things to appear in a specific order. 
Example: `@order 10.4`

// @optional
// : Generally used to indicate that a param (@

__@header__
> Used to push a general informational entry to the top of a list. See the "Header" section below.

__@defaultVal, @default__ (not fully tested, since the inline approach is better)
> Used for a method's paramter that has a default value.

__@see__
> Use this to link to similar or related things. See "See Also" below.






